## 1. General
These software license terms and conditions are part of an agreement between the licensee and the manufacturer and licensor, Alexej Hirsch, which shall be binding on both parties. The copyright in the software (hereinafter referred to as “Software”) and in the associated documents, including all of the data, images and texts included in the Software, as well as all accompanying written material are owned by the licensor.
By installing, copying, downloading, or using the Software in any other manner, licensee agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions which regulate its use.
## 2. License
Licensor grants licensee a non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the Software on the terms and conditions set forth below.
2.1 Licensee may test the Software for 30 days (“tryout mode“). The tryout software runs with full functionality for 30 days following installation. Use of the Software is free during the tryout period and will be terminated automatically after such period.
Licensee will be required to purchase a license and to re-register for the continued use of the Software. Please visit the licensor’s website (www.bugshooting.com) for more information on the amount and the method of payment.
2.2 By purchasing a license licensee is eligible to use the Software on one computer only. The Software must be activated before it can be used. Access and use of the Software are then restricted to this computer. Transfer of the license to another computer owned by the licensee requires deactivation on the current computer.
2.3. To prevent the loss of data in case of a system crash, licensee may retain copies of the Software stored on a storage medium. Licensee will be required to purchase further licenses if he wishes to use the Software on more than one computer.
2.4 You may not assign copies of the Software and the registration key to any third party and you may not install the Software on more computers than you are licensed for. In particular you may not copy and/or distribute the Software including the registration key for the purpose of illegal duplication to other individuals or companies.
2.5 You may not rent, lease, sublicence, lend, modify, change, adapt/port, assemble, compile, reverse engineer, decompile or incorporate component parts into other products or disassemble the Software to produce a similar software. This applies to the Software as a whole and its components, as well as to the associated documentation.
2.6 The license remains valid until terminated by the destruction of the Software, the associated documentation and all copies. Licensor may terminate this license without prior notice with immediate effect if you fail to comply with any term of the license agreement.
## 3. Retention of Title
The Software is licensed for use by the licensee, it is not owned by him. The copyright in the Software and all subsequent copies thereof, regardless of the form or medium, is reserved by the licensor. Licensor owns all rights to the title and all intellectual property rights in the Software, including, but not limited to all patents, copyrights, trade secrets, brand names and trade names.
Licensee must ensure that anyone who uses the Software on a computer owned by the licensee does so only in compliance with all terms and conditions of the license agreement.
## 4. Warranty / Liability
Licensor grants and warrants that the Software was free of viruses when it was developed. He further warrants that no third party holds any intellectual property rights in the Software.
Licensor does not give a warranty that the functions contained in the software will be compatible with the hardware or other software installed on the licensee’s computer system. The programme descriptions do not constitute an assurance of any particular quality or performance.
For a period of 90 days from the date of receipt of a registration key for a full working version, licensor grants that the Software and the documentation meet all material requirements and specifications and do not have any defects which impede or reduce their value or fitness for proper use or any other purpose provided for under this agreement. Licensor does not give a warranty regarding the use and the results of the use of the Software in terms of its correctness, accuracy and reliability in all configurations and applications. Furthermore, warranty for fitness of use for a particular purpose is disclaimed
Claims in excess of the rights granted to the licensee herein are excluded, unless otherwise provided for in these terms.
## 5. Limitation of Liability
Neither licensor nor any vicarious agent and supplier shall be liable for any damages arising from the use of this Software or the inability to use this Software, even if licensor has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Such damages include without limitation lost profit, business interruption, loss of business and/or other information (data) or other financial loss. This limitation of liability applies to all claims for damages put forward by the licensee of any kind whatsoever, regardless of the legal basis, expressly including tort or breach of contract liability. In any case, however, licensor’s entire liability under any provision of these license terms and conditions shall be limited to the amount actually paid as the license fee for the Software. This exclusion does not apply to damages caused by intent or gross negligence on the part of the licensor. Claims based on indispensable legal statutes on product liability also remain unaffected. Direct damages caused by the lack of a warranted property or consequential damages caused by the absence of such warranted properties shall be excluded from the limitation. Only to the limited extent set out herein, licensor shall be liable for any other consequential damages or losses.
## 6. Protection of License
Licensor may forward the following data from the licensee to his server to verify the license: Name, address and registration key. Licensee is expressly prohibited from transferring data which are not part of the license agreement to himself or others.
## 7. Final Provisions
This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. If any of the provisions of this license agreement is, in whole or in part, found to be invalid or incomplete, then the validity of the remaining provisions shall remain unaffected, and the invalid or incomplete provision shall be replaced by such valid provision that comes closest to the economic and legal intent of the invalid provision.

Copyright (C) 2009-2021 Alexej Hirsch
